The truth about learning Energy reserves 1 Our bodies can
be seen as rechargeable batteries that provide energy to the
brain Nutrition intake and relaxation are like recharging 2 Everyone
has different battery energy levels 3 Actively improve energy storage
capacity engage in moderate and long-term exercise like a 45-minute
jog every day 4 The habit of long-term jogging is
less likely to be interrupted if developed early 5 Walking
jogging and meditation are equivalent 6 Meditation complete relaxation of
the cerebral cortex with no active mental work 7 Outdoor
exercise is best done in sunlight 8 During sleep the
brain repeats and replays events that occurred before falling asleep
9 Reviewing lessons before bedtime helps consolidate information during sleep
10 Sleep quality is related to learning quality 11 Avoid
exposure to blue light half an hour before bedtime